I'll let you tell you something about him.
I don't know.
She is the mayor of Roblowee, which is the home of general, the goal of the President
of France.
Since 1956, she has been a member of the parliament, either in the Senate or the Chamber of
the United States, because she is the head of the chairman of the Franco-American Friendship
Group in the Assembly.
She has always been very thoughtful in looking at her as the American will become France
and building ties between the United States and France.
But I've asked her not to bat you, I don't have no.
Well, Mr. Stanton, I'm sorry.
And I believe what we want to thank you for, your friendship, but she's a member of the
NATO parliamentarians, of course, it's a very important part.
Well, let me ask, how do you think things were getting along in the France-Dutors?
Well, they were getting along smoothly, and on the border around the wild.
Well, I think you agree with me.
I think we've been having a very successful NATO parliamentarians' problem.
We remember that still following new illustrations, but in Medin-Belderard, Wild Act,
we came to know the termination, not even to condemn the resumption of the Soviet
of the Republic lasting.
We remember that the communist nation's Mavicale, the other day, fell out, but here by a determination
to have freedom and cooperation, blocking things out, I think, these 15 nations
have been standing together for peace and decency in the world.
I know you were interested in what we can do to work closer together in connection with
the helping the people in the developing nations.
Yes, Senator, I think that you said something that was very right when you spoke about
cooperation.
I think that more we can cooperate over free world, more we will be strong.
And I think that in the peaceful coexistence between lived in these years, the important part
of the real challenge is what's going to happen to the unbevaled countries.
And we must cooperate to help them first to make them understand that they will be happier
in our without civilism and freedom than if they side on the Soviet system.
And that is why the difficult part, but I think that on the Soviet side, being
to the leftarian countries, they have no public opinion, no parliament, no press, so they
have no obligation to convince people of what their government can do towards those countries,
either in a public way or in a state of the world.
So, for our three countries, we, the opinion with us, and all the countries must be together
and they are not because one has one country or one group of countries, they are not
helping others, and there is no real question.
Go ahead, you go ahead, Maria.
I'm sorry, but the public must excuse my foreign English.
And I think that in the near future, because I think we have not so many years to realize
that object, is that we also have, we, the three countries, a real pool of our goods
and of the way of this thinking, of course I am not in the communist life of the ancient
government, but in things so extraordinary that in our behalf of the country,
essentially, we haven't found the system to give possibilities of living decently to people
that are hungry and that many of our countries, we have too many goods that are very expensive
or very expensive to do, to do, to do, to do any help.
So, I think that we ought to have a kind of pool and maybe a martial plan,
a new, an international three-world martial plan towards those underdeveloped countries.
Well, I think what you said about joining together to help the people under development countries
in their own is very important.
Of course, we've passed several resolutions here in the NATO problem, and Terry is about it.
And we are trying to do something about it through OVCD, but we must coordinate our efforts.
I know that, OVCD.
I think you're right.
It's the organ now affected for that kind of work, but it isn't strong enough and not sufficient.
I think it must be a real publication, and it must be proportioned to the wealth and to the population
of those three countries, and it must be really effective.
Then I think that in that plan, there is the problem of the warm material.
I think for the underdeveloped countries in South America, in Africa,
in other words, the going up and down of the warm material is also...
But they have fluctuation in the parts of command.
That's what I mean.
It's also a very serious problem, because some of those new countries make one winter or one year absolutely ruined
by a very low course of that warm material.
So that also also be underdeveloped by the wealthy countries, so that there should be a kind of equalization
or, as the word is, steady-setting, I don't know it.
Well, that's a very good thing.
That's in English too, it's a stabilization, I take it.
And then, I agree with you, and I think we're making some headway, but we're not going past enough,
and I certainly don't.
You don't go past enough, or could the others go then?
One of the resolutions that we passed in this Congress was a strong position,
condemning the Communist Party, building an illegal wall in Berlin,
and demanding that we continue to have free access by air, water, and land to Berlin.
And we have pledged our 15 nations to support the foreignation agreement for a free Berlin.
I think that's a good step, and I will be very helpful to you.
Oh, yes, I think that the Ling is beginning of the end of a new world.
Well, I want to say, and I think you agree with me that after this conference coming to an end,
we have made great headway in bringing about unity, cooperation, facing up to these problems.
It's good to have thoughtful legislators and women like you who are so interested.
I want to congratulate the American delegation on being a very hard-working one
because they told parliamentarians conference.
And thank you, Madam Patno, for your courtesy and for the contributions you have made.
And Mr. Santor, we are always very glad to meet our American colleagues,
and unfortunately, the 5,000 kilometers of distance doesn't exist.
It's all the unfortunate way that we cannot meet as often as we would like to.
And this was a very good opportunity for all the colleagues French and American
belonging to the NATO parliament delegation to have contacts, and to talk, and meet,
and try and say what they thought about all our different problems that are after all the same.
Thank you very much, and we'll be coming back to see you when you come to see us as a whole from now.
Thank you.